
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: MIRAMARCINEMAS.COM
   Registrar: WEB COMMERCE COMMUNICATIONS LIMITED DBA WEBNIC.CC
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 460
   Whois Server: whois.webnic.cc
   Referral URL: http://www.webnic.cc
   Name Server: VDNS1.SEED.NET.TW
   Name Server: VDNS2.SEED.NET.TW
   Status: ok https://icann.org/epp#ok
   Updated Date: 13-dec-2015
   Creation Date: 09-jan-2006
   Expiration Date: 09-jan-2019

>>> Last update of whois database: Tue, 25 Apr 2017 11:45:21 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.


Domain Name: miramarcinemas.com
Registry Domain ID: 310787545_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.webnic.cc 
Registrar URL: webnic.cc 
Updated Date: 2014-11-05T08:24:41Z
Creation Date: 2006-01-08T16:00:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2019-01-09T11:52:52Z
Registrar: WEBCC 
Registrar IANA ID: 460 
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: compliance_abuse@webnic.cc 
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +60.389966799 
Domain Status: ok https://icann.org/epp#ok 
Registry Registrant ID: Not Available From Registry
Registrant Name: Mark Chang
Registrant Organization: MIRANEW ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd
Registrant Street: 7th Floor, No.22, Jingye 3rd Rd, Zhongshan Dist 
Registrant City: Taipei
Registrant State/Province: TW
Registrant Postal Code: 104
Registrant Country: TW
Registrant Phone: +886.33113123
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: +886.
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: mark.chang@miramarcinemas.com.tw
Registry Admin ID: Not Available From Registry
Admin Name: Mark Chang
Admin Organization: MIRANEW ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd
Admin Street: 7th Floor, No.22, Jingye 3rd Rd, Zhongshan Dist 
Admin City: Taipei
Admin State/Province: TW
Admin Postal Code: 104
Admin Country: TW
Admin Phone: +886.33113123
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: +886.
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: mark.chang@miramarcinemas.com.tw
Registry Tech ID: Not Available From Registry
Tech Name: Mark Chang
Tech Organization: MIRANEW ENTERTAINMENT Co., Ltd
Tech Street: 7th Floor, No.22, Jingye 3rd Rd, Zhongshan Dist 
Tech City: Taipei
Tech State/Province: TW
Tech Postal Code: 104
Tech Country: TW
Tech Phone: +886.33113123
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: +886.
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: mark.chang@miramarcinemas.com.tw
Name Server: VDNS1.SEED.NET.TW
Name Server: VDNS2.SEED.NET.TW
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2014-11-05T08:24:41Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

The Data in Web Commerce Communications Limited ("WEBCC")'s WHOIS database 
is provided by WEBCC for information purposes, and to assist in obtaining 
information about or related to a domain name registration record. WEBCC 
does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree 
that you will use this Data only for lawful purposes and that, under no 
circumstances will you use this Data to:

(1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, 
    commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail (spam).
(2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to WEBCC
    (or its systems).

The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is
expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of WEBCC. WEBCC 
reserves the right to terminate your access to the WEBCC WHOIS database in 
its sole discretion, including without limitation, for excessive querying 
of the WHOIS database or for failure to otherwise abide by this policy. 
WEBCC reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.			



