
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: CNCATV.COM
   Registrar: BEIJING GUOXU NETWORK TECHNOLOGY CO., LTD.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 1494
   Whois Server: whois.guoxuwang.cn
   Referral URL: http://www.guoxuwang.cn
   Name Server: NS1.CHINABTN.COM
   Name Server: NS2.CHINABTN.COM
   Status: ok https://icann.org/epp#ok
   Updated Date: 05-jan-2017
   Creation Date: 25-mar-1999
   Expiration Date: 25-mar-2018

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 26 Apr 2017 02:39:20 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Domain Name: CNCATV.COM
Registry Domain ID: 
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.guoxuwang.cn
Registrar URL: http://www.guoxuwang.cn
Updated Date: 2016-09-02T03:59:58Z
Creation Date: 1999-03-24T16:00:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2018-03-24T16:00:00Z
Registrar: Beijing Guoxu Network Technology Co. LTD
Registrar IANA ID: 1494
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: cs@guoxuwang.cn
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +86.1051192215
Domain Status: ok
https://icann.org/epp#ok
Registry Registrant ID: GX1609021159943
Registrant Name: liwen
Registrant Organization: The Chinese cable TV network co., LTD
Registrant Street: null
Registrant City: null
Registrant State/Province: null
Registrant Postal Code: null
Registrant Country: CN
Registrant Phone: null
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: null
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: null
Registry Admin ID: GX1609021159943
Admin Name: liwen
Admin Organization: The Chinese cable TV network co., LTD
Admin Street: null
Admin City: null
Admin State/Province: null
Admin Postal Code: null
Admin Country: CN
Admin Phone: null
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: null
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: null
Registry Technical ID: GX1609021159943
Technical Name: liwen
Technical Organization: The Chinese cable TV network co., LTD
Technical Street: null
Technical City: null
Technical State/Province: null
Technical Postal Code: null
Technical Country: CN
Technical Phone: null
Technical Phone Ext: 
Technical Fax: null
Technical Fax Ext: 
Technical Email: null
Registry Billing ID: GX1609021159943
Billing Name: liwen
Billing Organization: The Chinese cable TV network co., LTD
Billing Street: null
Billing City: null
Billing State/Province: null
Billing Postal Code: null
Billing Country: CN
Billing Phone: null
Billing Phone Ext: 
Billing Fax: null
Billing Fax Ext: 
Billing Email: null
Name Server1: NS1.CHINABTN.COM
Name Server2: NS2.CHINABTN.COM
DNSSEC: not signed
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2017-04-26T02:39:30Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

Terms of Use: The data in Guoxuwang.cn's WHOIS database is provided to you by 
Guoxuwang.cn for information purposes only, that is, to assist you in
obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration
record. Guoxuwang.cn makes this information available "as is," and
does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you
agree that you will use this data only for lawful purposes and that,
under no circumstances will you use this data to: (1) allow, enable,
or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial
advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or by
telephone; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to Guoxuwang.cn  (or its systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of Guoxuwang.cn.
Guoxuwang.cn reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.
By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms.


