
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: NEXGENPRODUCTIONS.COM
   Registrar: TIERRANET INC. D/B/A DOMAINDISCOVER
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 86
   Whois Server: whois.domaindiscover.com
   Referral URL: http://www.domaindiscover.com
   Name Server: NS1.TIERRA.NET
   Name Server: NS2.TIERRA.NET
   Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Updated Date: 27-dec-2016
   Creation Date: 02-feb-2003
   Expiration Date: 02-feb-2018

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 26 Apr 2017 02:53:43 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Domain Name: NEXGENPRODUCTIONS.COM
Registry Domain ID: 
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.domaindiscover.com
Registrar URL: https://www.tierra.net
Updated Date: 2016-12-26T22:03:02Z
Creation Date: 2003-02-02T14:37:23Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2018-02-02T10:52:27Z
Registrar: TIERRANET INC. DBA DOMAINDISCOVER
Registrar IANA ID: 86
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: icann-abuse-reports@tierra.net
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.6193932105
Reseller: 
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name: Ralph Keller
Registrant Organization: NexGen Productions, Ltd.
Registrant Street: 152 Gilmore Drive
Registrant City: Pittsburgh
Registrant State/Province: PA
Registrant Postal Code: 15235
Registrant Country: US
Registrant Phone: +1.4128244328
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: ralph@nexgenproductions.com
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name: Ralph Keller
Admin Organization: NexGen Productions, Ltd.
Admin Street: 152 Gilmore Drive
Admin City: Pittsburgh
Admin State/Province: PA
Admin Postal Code: 15235
Admin Country: US
Admin Phone: +1.4128244328
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: ralph@nexgenproductions.com
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name: Ralph Keller
Tech Organization: NexGen Productions, Ltd.
Tech Street: 152 Gilmore Drive
Tech City: Pittsburgh
Tech State/Province: PA
Tech Postal Code: 15235
Tech Country: US
Tech Phone: +1.4128244328
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: ralph@nexgenproductions.com
Name Server: NS1.TIERRA.NET
Name Server: NS2.TIERRA.NET
DNSSEC: 
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2017-04-25T19:53:54Z <<<

This WHOIS database is provided for information purposes only. We do
not guarantee the accuracy of this data. The following uses of this 
system are expressly prohibited: (1) use of this system for unlawful 
purposes; (2) use of this system to collect information used in the 
mass transmission of unsolicited commercial messages in any medium; 
(3) use of high volume, automated, electronic processes against this 
database. By submitting this query, you agree to abide by this 
policy.
