
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: WOSHIPM.COM
   Registrar: NAME.COM, INC.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 625
   Whois Server: whois.name.com
   Referral URL: http://www.name.com
   Name Server: VIP1.ALIDNS.COM
   Name Server: VIP2.ALIDNS.COM
   Status: ok https://icann.org/epp#ok
   Updated Date: 18-may-2016
   Creation Date: 27-jun-2011
   Expiration Date: 27-jun-2018

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 26 Apr 2017 02:22:41 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Domain Name: WOSHIPM.COM 
Registry Domain ID: 1664026617_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN 
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.name.com 
Registrar URL: http://www.name.com 
Updated Date: 2016-05-18T13:15:59Z 
Creation Date: 2011-06-27T14:04:58Z 
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2018-06-27T14:04:58Z 
Registrar: Name.com, Inc. 
Registrar IANA ID: 625 
Reseller:  
Domain Status: ok https://www.icann.org/epp#ok 
Registry Registrant ID: Not Available From Registry 
Registrant Name: cao chengming 
Registrant Organization: shen zhen ju li chuang xiang xin xi ke ji you xian gong si 
Registrant Street: shen zhen shi long gang xin qu  
Registrant City: shenzhen 
Registrant State/Province: longgangxinqu 
Registrant Postal Code: 20000 
Registrant Country: CN 
Registrant Phone: +86.18616688161 
Registrant Email: admin@woshipm.com 
Registry Admin ID: Not Available From Registry 
Admin Name: cao chengming 
Admin Organization: shen zhen ju li chuang xiang xin xi ke ji you xian gong si 
Admin Street: shen zhen shi long gang xin qu  
Admin City: shenzhen 
Admin State/Province: longgangxinqu 
Admin Postal Code: 20000 
Admin Country: CN 
Admin Phone: +86.18616688161 
Admin Email: admin@woshipm.com 
Registry Tech ID: Not Available From Registry 
Tech Name: cao chengming 
Tech Organization: shen zhen ju li chuang xiang xin xi ke ji you xian gong si 
Tech Street: shen zhen shi long gang xin qu  
Tech City: shenzhen 
Tech State/Province: longgangxinqu 
Tech Postal Code: 20000 
Tech Country: CN 
Tech Phone: +86.18616688161 
Tech Email: admin@woshipm.com 
Name Server: vip1.alidns.com 
Name Server: vip2.alidns.com 
DNSSEC: unSigned 
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@name.com 
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.7203101849 
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2017-04-25T20:23:00-06:00 <<< 


The Data in the Name.com, Inc. WHOIS database is provided by Name.com, Inc. for information purposes, and to assist persons in obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration record.  Name.com, Inc. does not guarantee its accuracy.  By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this Data only for lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this Data to:  (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail (spam); or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to Name.com, Inc. (or its systems). Name.com, Inc. reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.  By submitting this query, you agree to abide by this policy.
 
