
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: TRUSTSMARTHOME.COM
   Registrar: TUCOWS DOMAINS INC.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 69
   Whois Server: whois.tucows.com
   Referral URL: http://www.tucowsdomains.com
   Name Server: NS01.IS.NL
   Name Server: NS02.IS.NL
   Name Server: NS03.IS.NL
   Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Status: clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
   Updated Date: 28-sep-2016
   Creation Date: 17-oct-2014
   Expiration Date: 17-oct-2017

>>> Last update of whois database: Tue, 25 Apr 2017 11:35:17 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Domain Name: TRUSTSMARTHOME.COM
Domain ID: 1880852084_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.tucows.com
Registrar URL: http://tucowsdomains.com
Updated Date: 2016-09-28T10:00:00Z
Creation Date: 2014-10-17T14:56:49Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2017-10-17T14:56:49Z
Registrar: TUCOWS, INC.
Registrar IANA ID: 69
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: domainabuse@tucows.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.4165350123
Reseller: Internedservices
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
Domain Status: clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: W. Hiele van
Registrant Organization: Trust International B.V.
Registrant Street: Laan van Barcelona 600
Registrant City: DORDRECHT
Registrant State/Province: 
Registrant Postal Code: 3317 DD
Registrant Country: NL
Registrant Phone: +31.0786543330
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: wouter@trust.com
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: W. Hiele van
Admin Organization: Trust International B.V.
Admin Street: Laan van Barcelona 600
Admin City: DORDRECHT
Admin State/Province: 
Admin Postal Code: 3317 DD
Admin Country: NL
Admin Phone: +31.0786543330
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: wouter@trust.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: Technical Support
Tech Organization: Net Ground B.V.
Tech Street: Laan van Ambacht 4
Tech City: NOOTDORP
Tech State/Province: ZH
Tech Postal Code: 2631RJ
Tech Country: NL
Tech Phone: +31.152742770
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: +31.152742789
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: support@netground.nl
Name Server: NS01.IS.NL
Name Server: NS02.IS.NL
Name Server: NS03.IS.NL
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2016-09-28T10:00:00Z <<<

"For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp"

Registration Service Provider:
    Internedservices, domainadmin@is.nl
    +31.299476185
    +31.299476288 (fax)
    http://www.internedservices.nl
    Internedservices may be contacted for DNS/Nameserver changes and
    general domain support questions. Free URL/IP forwarding and control is
    included with all our domains. WHOIS privacy for EUR 10,- a year. High
    volume clients receive discounts.

The Data in the Tucows Registrar WHOIS database is provided to you by Tucows
for information purposes only, and may be used to assist you in obtaining
information about or related to a domain name's registration record.

Tucows makes this information available "as is," and does not guarantee its
accuracy.

By submitting a WHOIS query, you agree that you will use this data only for
lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this data to:
a) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail,
telephone, or facsimile of mass, unsolicited, commercial advertising or
solicitations to entities other than the data recipient's own existing
customers; or (b) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that
send queries or data to the systems of any Registry Operator or
ICANN-Accredited registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations.

The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is
expressly prohibited without the prior written consent of Tucows.

Tucows reserves the right to terminate your access to the Tucows WHOIS
database in its sole discretion, including without limitation, for excessive
querying of the WHOIS database or for failure to otherwise abide by this
policy.

Tucows reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms.

NOTE: THE WHOIS DATABASE IS A CONTACT DATABASE ONLY.  LACK OF A DOMAIN
RECORD DOES NOT SIGNIFY DOMAIN AVAILABILITY.

