
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: PRAGADEV.COM
   Registrar: LIQUIDNET LTD.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 1472
   Whois Server: whois.liquidnetlimited.com
   Referral URL: http://www.liquidnetlimited.com
   Name Server: NS1.PRAGAWEBHOSTING.COM
   Name Server: NS2.PRAGAWEBHOSTING.COM
   Name Server: NS3.PRAGAWEBHOSTING.COM
   Name Server: NS4.PRAGAWEBHOSTING.COM
   Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Updated Date: 10-feb-2017
   Creation Date: 18-mar-2014
   Expiration Date: 18-mar-2018

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 26 Apr 2017 02:33:49 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.

Domain Name: PRAGADEV.COM
Registry Domain ID: 1850976680_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.liquidnetlimited.co.uk
Registrar URL: http://liquidnetlimited.co.uk
Updated Date: 2017-02-10T06:10:08Z
Creation Date: 2014-03-18T17:15:22Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2018-03-18T17:15:22Z
Registrar: LIQUIDNET Ltd.
Registrar IANA ID: 1472
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@liquidnetlimited.co.uk
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +44.2036951294
Reseller:
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID:
Registrant Name: Manuel Escobar
Registrant Organization: 
Registrant Street: 11 avenida 2-60
Registrant Street: Zona 15
Registrant City: Guatemala
Registrant State/Province: Guatemala
Registrant Postal Code: 01012
Registrant Country: GT
Registrant Phone: +502.53194050
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: escobarcampos@gmail.com
Registry Admin ID:
Admin Name: Manuel Escobar
Admin Organization: 
Admin Street: 11 avenida 2-60
Admin Street: Zona 15
Admin City: Guatemala
Admin State/Province: Guatemala
Admin Postal Code: 01012
Admin Country: GT
Admin Phone: +502.53194050
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: escobarcampos@gmail.com
Registry Tech ID:
Tech Name: Manuel Escobar
Tech Organization: 
Tech Street: 11 avenida 2-60
Tech Street: Zona 15
Tech City: Guatemala
Tech State/Province: Guatemala
Tech Postal Code: 01012
Tech Country: GT
Tech Phone: +502.53194050
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: escobarcampos@gmail.com
Name Server: ns1.pragawebhosting.com
Name Server: ns2.pragawebhosting.com
Name Server: ns3.pragawebhosting.com
Name Server: ns4.pragawebhosting.com
DNSSEC: not signed
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2017-04-26T02:33:58Z <<<

Registration Service Provided By: Praga Web Hosting
Contact: support@propersupport.com
Visit: http://pragawebhosting.com/
	
The data in this whois database is provided to you for information purposes only, 
that is, to assist you in obtaining information about or related 
to a domain name registration record. We make this information available "as is", 
and do not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a whois query, you agree that you will 
use this data only for lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances will you use this data to: 
(1) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that stress 
or load this whois database system providing you this information; or 
(2) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, 
commercial advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or by telephone. 
The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or other use of this data is expressly prohibited without 
prior written consent from us. The Registrar of record is LiquidNet Ltd.. 
We reserve the right to modify these terms at any time. 
By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms.
