
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: VENDEE-GITES.COM
   Registrar: ASTUTIUM LIMITED
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 1471
   Whois Server: whois.astutium.com
   Referral URL: http://www.astutium.com/
   Name Server: NS1.THIS-DNS.NET
   Name Server: NS2.THIS-DNS.NET
   Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Updated Date: 10-jul-2016
   Creation Date: 01-aug-2000
   Expiration Date: 01-aug-2018

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 26 Apr 2017 02:54:29 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Astutium Registration Platform WHOIS Server 1.1.7

Register your domains today at http://www.astutium.com

Domain Name: vendee-gites.com
Registry Domain ID: 32180016_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.astutium-grs.com
Registrar URL: http://www.astutium-grs.com
Updated Date: 2016-07-11T6:07:01+0100
Created Date: 2000-08-01T9:08:47+0100
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2018-08-01T9:08:47+0100
Registrar: Astutium Limited
Registrar IANA ID: 1471
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: registrar@astutium.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: Not Available.
Reseller: Registration Services Provided By Astutium Ltd
Domain Status: REGISTERED
Domain Status: REGISTRANT_TRANSFER LOCK
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: Martin Holmes
Registrant Organisation: Accord Services
Registrant Street: 10 rue de la Frise
Registrant City: Corpe
Registrant State/Province: Vende
Registrant Postal Code: 85320
Registrant Country: FR
Registrant Phone: +33.33251279799
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: 
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: holmes.martin@wanadoo.fr
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: Martin Holmes
Admin Organisation: Accord Services
Admin Street: 10 rue de la Frise
Admin City: Corpe
Admin State/Province: Vende
Admin Postal Code: 85320
Admin Country: FR
Admin Phone: +33.33251279799
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: holmes.martin@wanadoo.fr
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: Martin Holmes
Tech Organisation: Accord Services
Tech Street: 10 rue de la Frise
Tech City: Corpe
Tech State/Province: Vende
Tech Postal Code: 85320
Tech Country: FR
Tech Phone: +33.33251279799
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: holmes.martin@wanadoo.fr
Name Server: ns1.this-dns.net
Name Server: ns2.this-dns.net
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
Last update of WHOIS database: 2017-04-26T3:04:49+0100

An explanation of the domain statuses can be found at
http://www.astutium.com/whois/explain


Now Available - VPS and Cloud Servers from http://www.astutium.com

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorised to access or query our WHOIS
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in Astutium Limited's ("Astutium")
WHOIS database is provided by Astutium for information purposes only, and 
to assist persons in obtaining information about or related to a domain 
name registration record. Astutium does not guarantee its accuracy. By 
submitting a WHOIS query, you agree to abide by the following terms of 
use: You agree that you may use this Data only for lawful purposes and
that under no circumstances will you use this Data to: (1) allow, enable,
or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial
advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone, or facsimile; or (2)
enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to Astutium
(or its computer systems). The compilation, repackaging, dissemination or 
other use of this Data is expressly prohibited without the prior written
consent of Astutium. You agree not to use electronic processes that are
automated and high-volume to access or query the WHOIS database except as
reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing
registrations. Astutium reserves the right to restrict your access to the
WHOIS database in its sole discretion to ensure operational stability.
Astutium may restrict or terminate your access to the WHOIS database for 
failure to abide by these terms of use. Astutium reserves the right to 
modify these terms at any time.
