
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: DAUM.NET
   Registrar: NETPIA.COM, INC.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 130
   Whois Server: whois.ibi.net
   Referral URL: http://www.ibi.net
   Name Server: NS1.DAUM.NET
   Name Server: NS2.DAUM.NET
   Status: clientDeleteProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientDeleteProhibited
   Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Status: clientUpdateProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientUpdateProhibited
   Updated Date: 17-aug-2016
   Creation Date: 05-mar-1996
   Expiration Date: 06-mar-2020

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 26 Apr 2017 02:03:33 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Domain Name:daum.net
Registry Domain ID: 
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.ibi.net
Registrar URL: http://www.ibi.net
Updated Date: 2016-08-17T10:01:59Z
Creation Date: 1996-03-05T05:00:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2020-03-06T05:00:00Z
Registrar: Netpia.com, Inc.
Registrar IANA ID: 130
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: reportabuse@ibi.net
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +82.16445001
Reseller:
Domain Status:ok https://icann.org/epp#ok
Registry Registrant ID:Not Available From Registry
Registrant Name:Kakao Corp.
Registrant Organization:Kakao Corp.
Registrant Street:242, Jeju-si Cheomdan-ro, Jeju-do, KR 
Registrant City:Jeju-do
Registrant State/Province:
Registrant Postal Code:63309
Registrant Country:KR
Registrant Phone:+82.26710158
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax:
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email:domain@kakaocorp.com
Registry Admin ID:  Not Available From Registry
Admin Name:Kakao Corp.
Admin Organization:
Admin Street:242, Jeju-si Cheomdan-ro, Jeju-do, KR
Admin City:Jeju-do
Admin State/Province:
Admin Postal Code:63309
Admin Country:KR
Admin Phone:+82.26710158
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax:
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email:domain@kakaocorp.com
Registry Tech ID:Not Available From Registry
Tech Name:Kakao Corp.
Tech Organization:
Tech Street:242, Jeju-si Cheomdan-ro, Jeju-do, KR
Tech City:Jeju-do
Tech State/Province:
Tech Postal Code:63309
Tech Country:KR
Tech Phone:+82.26710158
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax:+82.
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email:domain@kakaocorp.com
Name Server:ns1.daum.net
Name Server:ns2.daum.net
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2017-04-26T02:03:50Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

TERMS OF USE: The Data in IBI WHOIS database is provided by IBI
for information purposes, and to assist persons in obtaining
information about or related to a domain name registration record.
IBI does not guarantee its accuracy.  By submitting a WHOIS query,
you agree that you will use this Data only for lawful purposes
and that, under no circumstances will you use this Data to:
(1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail(spam);
or  (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that apply to
IBI (or its systems).  IBI reserves the right to
modify these terms at any time.  By submitting this query,
you agree to abide by this policy.
