
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: GLOBALSOURCES.COM
   Registrar: NETWORK SOLUTIONS, LLC.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 2
   Whois Server: whois.networksolutions.com
   Referral URL: http://networksolutions.com
   Name Server: ATHENA.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
   Name Server: NS.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
   Name Server: NS2.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
   Name Server: NSCNL.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
   Name Server: USAWSNS.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
   Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Updated Date: 30-aug-2016
   Creation Date: 18-may-1996
   Expiration Date: 19-may-2023

>>> Last update of whois database: Wed, 26 Apr 2017 02:03:04 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.


Domain Name: GLOBALSOURCES.COM
Registry Domain ID: 681828_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois.networksolutions.com
Registrar URL: http://networksolutions.com
Updated Date: 2017-03-05T16:18:06Z
Creation Date: 1996-05-18T04:00:00Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2023-05-19T04:00:00Z
Registrar: NETWORK SOLUTIONS, LLC.
Registrar IANA ID: 2
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: abuse@web.com
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +1.8003337680
Reseller: 
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: 
Registrant Name: Media Data Systems Pte Ltd
Registrant Organization: Media Data Systems Pte Ltd
Registrant Street: c/o 1 Sims Lane #08-01
Registrant City: Singapore
Registrant State/Province: Singapore
Registrant Postal Code: 387355
Registrant Country: SG
Registrant Phone: +65.65472650
Registrant Phone Ext: 
Registrant Fax: +65.6547-2221
Registrant Fax Ext: 
Registrant Email: hostadmin@GLOBALSOURCES.COM
Registry Admin ID: 
Admin Name: Lo, Rex
Admin Organization: Media Data Systems Pte Ltd
Admin Street: c/o 1 Sims Lane #08-01
Admin City: Singapore
Admin State/Province: Singapore
Admin Postal Code: 
Admin Country: SG
Admin Phone: +65.65472650
Admin Phone Ext: 
Admin Fax: +65.6565472888
Admin Fax Ext: 
Admin Email: hostadmin@globalsources.com
Registry Tech ID: 
Tech Name: Lo, Rex
Tech Organization: Media Data Systems Pte Ltd
Tech Street: c/o 1 Sims Lane #08-01
Tech City: Singapore
Tech State/Province: Singapore
Tech Postal Code: 
Tech Country: SG
Tech Phone: +65.65472650
Tech Phone Ext: 
Tech Fax: +65.6565472888
Tech Fax Ext: 
Tech Email: hostadmin@globalsources.com
Name Server: NS.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
Name Server: NS2.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
Name Server: ATHENA.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
Name Server: NSCNL.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
Name Server: USAWSNS.GLOBALSOURCES.COM
DNSSEC: Unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2017-04-26T02:03:21Z <<<


The data in Networksolutions.com's WHOIS database is provided to you by
Networksolutions.com for information purposes only, that is, to assist you in
obtaining information about or related to a domain name registration
record. Networksolutions.com makes this information available "as is," and
does not guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a WHOIS query, you
agree that you will use this data only for lawful purposes and that,
under no circumstances will you use this data to: (1) allow, enable,
or otherwise support the transmission of mass unsolicited, commercial
advertising or solicitations via direct mail, electronic mail, or by
telephone; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to Networksolutions.com  (or its systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of Networksolutions.com.
Networksolutions.com reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.
By submitting this query, you agree to abide by these terms.

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit
https://www.icann.org/resources/pages/epp-status-codes-2014-06-16-en.

