
Whois Server Version 2.0

Domain names in the .com and .net domains can now be registered
with many different competing registrars. Go to http://www.internic.net
for detailed information.

   Domain Name: TAIYOKOGYO.COM
   Registrar: JAPAN REGISTRY SERVICES CO., LTD.
   Sponsoring Registrar IANA ID: 1485
   Whois Server: whois2016.jprs.jp
   Referral URL: http://jprs.jp/registrar/
   Name Server: NS00.VIPS.NE.JP
   Name Server: NS01.VIPS.NE.JP
   Status: clientTransferProhibited https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
   Updated Date: 28-feb-2017
   Creation Date: 15-nov-2004
   Expiration Date: 02-mar-2018

>>> Last update of whois database: Tue, 25 Apr 2017 12:05:57 GMT <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

NOTICE: The expiration date displayed in this record is the date the
registrar's sponsorship of the domain name registration in the registry is
currently set to expire. This date does not necessarily reflect the expiration
date of the domain name registrant's agreement with the sponsoring
registrar.  Users may consult the sponsoring registrar's Whois database to
view the registrar's reported date of expiration for this registration.

TERMS OF USE: You are not authorized to access or query our Whois
database through the use of electronic processes that are high-volume and
automated except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or
modify existing registrations; the Data in VeriSign Global Registry
Services' ("VeriSign") Whois database is provided by VeriSign for
information purposes only, and to assist persons in obtaining information
about or related to a domain name registration record. VeriSign does not
guarantee its accuracy. By submitting a Whois query, you agree to abide
by the following terms of use: You agree that you may use this Data only
for lawful purposes and that under no circumstances will you use this Data
to: (1) allow, enable, or otherwise support the transmission of mass
unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations via e-mail, telephone,
or facsimile; or (2) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes
that apply to VeriSign (or its computer systems). The compilation,
repackaging, dissemination or other use of this Data is expressly
prohibited without the prior written consent of VeriSign. You agree not to
use electronic processes that are automated and high-volume to access or
query the Whois database except as reasonably necessary to register
domain names or modify existing registrations. VeriSign reserves the right
to restrict your access to the Whois database in its sole discretion to ensure
operational stability.  VeriSign may restrict or terminate your access to the
Whois database for failure to abide by these terms of use. VeriSign
reserves the right to modify these terms at any time.

The Registry database contains ONLY .COM, .NET, .EDU domains and
Registrars.
Domain Name: TAIYOKOGYO.COM
Registry Domain ID: 135087403_DOMAIN_COM-VRSN
Registrar WHOIS Server: whois2016.jprs.jp
Registrar URL: https://jprs.jp/registrar/
Updated Date: 2017-02-28T17:02:28Z
Creation Date: 2004-11-15T09:50:13Z
Registrar Registration Expiration Date: 2018-03-02T05:32:18Z
Registrar: Japan Registry Services Co.,Ltd.(JPRS)
Registrar IANA ID: 1485
Registrar Abuse Contact Email: gtld-abuse@jprs.jp
Registrar Abuse Contact Phone: +81.352158457
Domain Status: clientTransferProhibited  https://icann.org/epp#clientTransferProhibited
Registry Registrant ID: Not Available From Registry
Registrant Name: Taiyo Kogyo Corporation
Registrant Street: 4-8-4
Registrant City: Kikawahigasi
Registrant State/Province: Osaka Yodogawa-ku Osaka-city
Registrant Postal Code: 532-0012
Registrant Country: JP
Registrant Phone: +81.663063046
Registrant Phone Ext:
Registrant Fax: +81.663063159
Registrant Fax Ext:
Registrant Email: nic@spin.ad.jp
Registry Admin ID: Not Available From Registry
Admin Name: SoftBank Corp.
Admin Street: 1-9-1 Higashi Shimbashi
Admin City: Minato-ku
Admin State/Province: Tokyo
Admin Postal Code: 105-7316
Admin Country: JP
Admin Phone: +81.368891415
Admin Phone Ext:
Admin Fax: 
Admin Fax Ext:
Admin Email: nic@spin.ad.jp
Registry Tech ID: Not Available From Registry
Tech Name: SoftBank Corp.
Tech Street: 1-9-1 Higashi Shimbashi
Tech City: Minato-ku
Tech State/Province: Tokyo
Tech Postal Code: 105-7316
Tech Country: JP
Tech Phone: +81.368891415
Tech Phone Ext:
Tech Fax: 
Tech Fax Ext:
Tech Email: nic@spin.ad.jp
Name Server: NS00.VIPS.NE.JP
Name Server: NS01.VIPS.NE.JP
DNSSEC: unsigned
URL of the ICANN WHOIS Data Problem Reporting System: http://wdprs.internic.net/
>>> Last update of WHOIS database: 2017-04-25T12:06:06Z <<<

For more information on Whois status codes, please visit https://icann.org/epp

JPRS WHOIS LEGAL DISCLAIMER:

The WHOIS service (the "Service") offered by Japan Registry Services Co.,Ltd. (JPRS) and the access to the records in the JPRS WHOIS database (the "Database") are provided for information purposes and query-based public access.

Neither JPRS nor any of its officers, directors, employees or agents makes any warranty as to the results to be obtained from use of the Service. JPRS specifically disclaims all warranties of any kind, whether express, implied or statutory, including, but not limited to, any warranties of title, non-infringement, merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.
In no event shall JPRS nor anyone else involved in creating, supporting, producing or delivering the Service be liable to you for any lost profits or costs, even if JPRS or such person has been advised of the possibility of such damages.

JPRS allows you to use the Service only for lawful purposes and that, under no circumstances shall you use the Service to: (a) allow, enable or otherwise support the transmission by e-mail, telephone, postal mail, facsimile or other means of mass unsolicited, commercial advertising or solicitations to entities other than the data recipient's own existing customers; or (b) enable high volume, automated, electronic processes that send queries or data to the systems of any registry operator or ICANN-accredited registrar, except as reasonably necessary to register domain names or modify existing registrations.

By submitting the query you agree to abide by these terms and further agree that JPRS may take measures to limit the use of the Service in order to protect the privacy of its registrants or the integrity of the Database.

JPRS reserves the right to modify or change these terms at any time without prior or subsequent notification of any kind.

For further information, use 'whois -h whois2016.jprs.jp help'. To express Japanese output, add '/j' at the end of command, e.g. 'whois -h whois2016.jprs.jp xxx/j'.
